.\" This file is part of libmail.
.\" 
.\"	(c) 2009 - Dimitris Mandalidis <mandas@users.sourceforge.net>
.\"
.\" libmail is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" libmail is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with libmail.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.TH IMAP4_CONNECT 3 "2009-06-08" "version 0.3" "libmail - A mail handling library"
.SH NAME
imap4_disconnect, imap4_connect - Connect/Disconnect to/from IMAP4 remote server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <libmail/libmail.h>
.B #include <libmail/imap4.h>
.sp
.BI "int imap4_connect(imap4_mailbox_t *" "mailbox" );
.sp
.BI "int imap4_disconnect(imap4_mailbox_t *" "mailbox" );
.sp
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
Used to connect or disconnect from an IMAP4 remote server.  All the above functions takes a pointer to 
.B imap4_mailbox_t 
structure which identify the server's configuration. 
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.B LIBMAIL_SUCCESS 
is returned on success. On error they return the following non-zero error codes :
.TP
.B LIBMAIL_SYSERROR
A system error occurred, errno defined in <errno.h> was set. 
.TP
.B LIBMAIL_DNSERROR
The remote hostname was invalid resulting in "unresolved hostname"\-like error. 
.TP
.B LIBMAIL_SRVERROR
Indicates that the server responded with an "BAD" or "NO" to a command.
.TP
.B LIBMAIL_TLSERROR
Indicates an error in TLS/SSL transaction context. 
.TP
.B LIBMAIL_ALREADY_CONNECTED
A connect call was made while already being connected.
.TP
.B LIBMAIL_ALREADY_DISCONNECTED
A disconnect call was made while already being disconnected.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B RFC 1730, RFC 2595, RFC 1731
.sp
.BR "libmail_strerror" "(3), " "set_imap4_auth_type" "(3), " "set_imap4_hostname" "(3), " "set_imap4_inet_family" "(3), " "set_imap4_mailbox" "(3), "
.BR "set_imap4_password" "(3), " "set_imap4_port" "(3), " "set_imap4_security_level" "(3), " "set_imap4_username" "(3), " "libmail_init_imap4_mailbox" "(3)."
.SH "AUTHOR"
Dimitris Mandalidis <mandas AT users DOT sourceforge DOT net>
