.\" This file is part of libmail.
.\" 
.\"	(c) 2009 - Dimitris Mandalidis <mandas@users.sourceforge.net>
.\"
.\" libmail is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" libmail is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with libmail.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.TH LIBMAIL_INIT_IMAP4_MAILBOX 3 "2009-06-18" "version 0.3" "libmail - A mail handling library"
.SH NAME
libmail_init_imap4_mailbox - Initializes a new IMAP4 remote mailbox
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <libmail/libmail.h>
.B #include <libmail/imap4.h>
.sp
.BI "void libmail_init_imap4_mailbox(imap4_mailbox_t " "*mailbox" ")"
.sp
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
Initialize a new IMAP4 mailbox to default values in order to be used by
other libmail functions. More specifically, it sets up plain connection,
143 as a remote port, LOGIN authentication method and IPv4 internet protocol.
.B imap4_mailbox_t
members must not be used directly as it would break things on API change.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR "set_imap4_auth_type" "(3), " "set_imap4_hostname" "(3), " 
.BR "set_imap4_inet_family" "(3), " "set_imap4_mailbox" "(3), "
.BR "set_imap4_password" "(3), " "set_imap4_port" "(3), "
.BR "set_imap4_security_level" "(3), " "set_imap4_username" "(3)."
.sp
.B RFC 1730, RFC 2595, RFC 1731
.SH "AUTHOR"
Dimitris Mandalidis <mandas AT users DOT sourceforge DOT net>
